Step 7. Completion of distillation.
The distillation process continues until all of the desired substance has been vaporized
and condensed into the receiving flask.
The substance remaining in the distillation flask, which has a higher boiling point, is
called the residue or the still bottom.
By carefully controlling the temperature and collecting the distillate at the appropriate
boiling point, we can separate and purify the desired substance from a mixture using
the distillation apparatus.
This method is widely used for various purposes, such as purifying water, perfumery and the
production of essential oils.